Here I am apologizing again ariana
grande apologizes on video I just wanted
to make a video to apologize again for
the whole donut fiasco and craziness the
pop diva posted the 4-minute video on
YouTube she caused a huge uproar after
she was caught on surveillance tape
apparently looking a donut I was so
disgusted with myself I wanted I like
shoved my face in a pillow and wanted to
disappear but instead of that I'm gonna
come forward and own up to what I did
and take responsibility and um say I'm
sorry because I reacted in a way that I
feel like wasn't necessary to say the
least but also just wasn't me at all
ariana had already said she's sorry in a
statement but she hopes the video wins
her forgiveness the apology that I
posted I like kind of missed my
opportunity to actually sincerely
apologize and express how I was feeling
because I was too busy preaching about
my issues with the food industry
reaction to the video is myths fake
apology not accepted reads one comment
while another says thank you for owning
up to your mistake and apologizing we
forgive you
ariana also addresses her mean-spirited
comments about America I've actually
never been prouder to be an American to
be honest with you she made the video
with her jaw still swollen after having
her wisdom teeth removed
I'm making this video from listen to the
recovery help but one person she didn't
apologize to the owner of wolfy donut
shop near Los Angeles her doughnut
licking scandal has landed the mom and
pop shop in hot water local health
inspectors went to the shop on Wednesday
and lo
were there raining from A to B Inside
Edition exclusively obtained the
inspection report stating that Wolfie
Donuts failed to keep food separated and
protected from contamination we spoke to
owner Rick Marin I never had a B I don't
like to be raiding he's not happy about
the inspection but he's hopeful it just
minor things we could fix that they told
us if we can fix it with it seven days I
gave my a back donut shops across the
nation are paying attention to the
Ariana Grande's scandal so after the
donuts are ready here at Dunwell donuts
in Brooklyn they go to this rack which
is of course behind the counter out of
the reach of the customers and then from
here they go to this display case which
as you can see is behind glass what
would you do if you even thought maybe a
customer contaminated a doughnut I throw
it out
that's for Ariana she'll never look a
doughnut in public again I'm 22 years
old I'm human I still got a lot to learn
and I make mistakes and that's how I'm
gonna make Ariana also says she's not
trying to make excuses or justify her
behavior she just wants to apologize